here are the types of content that
twitter loves twitter was one of the
first social networks that i was really
active on i was really early on twitter
hence i've been able to build up over
443 thousand followers and over the
years what i love about twitter is that
the algorithm doesn't try to suppress
your content compared to what facebook
and some of the other social networks do
people follow you you tweet they can see
it if they're on if they're not on they
won't see it throughout that time i've
experimented with a lot of content types
on twitter and i figured out the type of
content that people on twitter love
versus the ones that they don't but
before i dive into those content types
let me know in the comments what you
think people prefer the most and also
let me know what type of content you
post most often on twitter
so let's dive right into those content
types number one
questions people love when you ask them
questions on twitter here's an example
would you rather have two plus million
followers or a million dollars
what do you think that my audience said
funny enough i assume that most people
would take a million bucks because if
you invested in the s p you're roughly
generating nine percent a year you can
live off that
but shockingly my audience mainly said
they would prefer 2 million followers
now that tweet generated 107 retweets 77
quote tweets and
797 likes in total it received 167 000
impressions
if you're gonna ask people questions on
twitter make sure that they're thought
provoking questions like the one i
created
content type number two live videos live
videos don't generate as much engagement
as questions but i found them to be a
great source of revenue every month i
hold the webinar and i even go live on
twitter with that webinar that webinar
on conversion rate optimization that i
just showed you had 84 retweets and 61
likes nowhere near the amount of
engagement that the question one had
and it only has 90 308 impressions which
is around eight times less than the
question one but it generated me three
leads and one customer that's much more
than the question one ever generated me
content type number three tweet storms
by creating multiple tweets around a
specific topic such as the one i did on
voice search here
you can get a lot of engagement i
started off by talking about how 62 of
americans have used some sort of voice
assistant technology then i broke down
the five ways and the first tweet that i
included in the tweet storm was optimize
for local search many voice searches are
for local information and they are 3x
more likely to be local searches than
text-based ones
that tweet storm generated 24 563
impressions 146 likes 70 retweets and
four quote replies
number four
quotes i love putting out quotes on
twitter because it's great branding
not for the reason that you're thinking
here's an example of a quote you can't
buy more time in this world so cherish
every moment
it received 69
693 impressions
576 likes and 194 retweets but what i
love about quote content isn't the
twitter love it's actually the offline
love a lot of times people will take the
quotes and cite you in other places for
example i've seen my quotes appear
literally in elevators some elevators
have monitors and it's kind of crazy
some of these monitors pull quotes from
twitter and i've seen mine appear and
again crazy but great brandy if you ever
want more twitter love consider creating
one of these four content pieces that i
mentioned above they work and if you
need extra help with your social media
marketing and twitter marketing check
out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it if you have any
questions leave a comment below i'm here
to help you out thank you for watching